You, you, you, your family
To where we are today
It's all your fault
I made myself very clear.
Mr. Lin is my guest of honor
you
Why don't you understand human language?
repeat teaching
Okay, okay.
Since you are so disobedient
I'll let you have a long memory
Secretary Zhang
heavy me order
From now on
Stop all cooperation with Liu Huixin
The whole industry bans Prime Minister Liu Huixin
Mr. Yang, Mr. Yang
Look what I did wrong
You want to treat me like this?
Mr. Yang Mr. Yang
The contract cannot be terminated
The contract is my life
Yes, so you
You look at the face of my champion son
Just let us go once
If there is no such contract
Our family can't get along, hahaha, Mr. Yang
In this way, you can see my face.
Give my parents a chance, go away
Chen Haotian, you are a little Shen champion
What face do you use